I just twanged my banjo string having a wank  (0 upvotes)
Where is the best place to get your ears pierced in Exeter?  (0 upvotes)
My frenulum is a bit tight - any other guys have this problem? (0 upvotes)
I hate it when people ask where I'm going to be in 4 years, come on guys I don't have 2020 vision  (4 upvotes)
Why is it that pizzas are circular, but come in a square box and we eat them in triangles? #saturdaymorningwonderings (3 upvotes)
Anyone in Birks fancy a hungover fuck? (0 upvotes)
Can't stop overthinking every tiny little thing and it's ruining everything including my relationship (0 upvotes)
I don't know how people get so far on jailbreak, don't think I'd make it out of Exeter  (0 upvotes)
Thank you boyfriend for looking after me last night  (3 upvotes)
How often do people wash their bedding at uni? (0 upvotes)
Masturbating just so I can put off doing work for another couple minutes (1 upvotes)
Do any of these yik yak hook ups actually happen?? (-1 upvotes)
Yik yak asking the important questions... (0 upvotes)
What is the actual point of CCTV cameras when the images always come out blurry as fuck (1 upvotes)
The most common lie in the English language (after 'I'm fine') is 'I'm not coming out, I'm just going to go to pres' (4 upvotes)
Bernie 2016. (3 upvotes)
Saying sorry doesn't reverse what you've done but an apology would be nice... (5 upvotes)
I am not happy with this 'spotting' business... Worse pain than a normal period, but so little blood, like do I utilise one of my luxury sanitary products or not? (4 upvotes)
When it's half past nein  (6 upvotes)
When Britain leave the EU  (34 upvotes)
Awks moment when Naked Wine emails you saying they were a little surprised you didn't buy wine recently........ (5 upvotes)
Thank you to the people who looked after my really drunk friend in the outside bit of TP last night. Think I forgot to say thanks at the time!  (6 upvotes)
Reminiscing about fresher's week in your flat.  (6 upvotes)
Girls - does it bother you if a guy doesn't come? Not if he can't get it up, but if he's fully erect but can't climax  (2 upvotes)
When you find out that two best friends fell out in the 1800's because of a disagreement on the French Revolution ... Glad to know their priorities were in order (3 upvotes)
The moment when you read the mail asking you to be a member of the Welcome Team and you realize that you won't be here anymore next Fresher's  (7 upvotes)
When you have a day full of work ahead but rather skip to bed already.... (6 upvotes)
When your flatmate plays grime at 9am on a Saturday (20 upvotes)
Woke up sick as a dog with cold/flu. You know what that means, laying in bed: vote and comment on ALL THE THINGS, write ALL THE YAKS, farm ALL THE YAKARMA.  (8 upvotes)
Just farted in the shower and threw up, thanks again alcohol (3 upvotes)
Ooo 5 new emails. Delete. Delete. Delete. Delete. Delete.  (6 upvotes)
Hate being the housemate who's always awake first after a night out (7 upvotes)
Got a feeling I'm going to meet my future girlfriend today... (9 upvotes)
The biggest secret to life is knowing to wear your dressing gown backwards to use the loo  (10 upvotes)
How can you tell if a girl likes you? Only seem to talk when we're drunk, rarely receive good conversation on the day, but always seem to end up together on nights out? (0 upvotes)
Just remembered i had two TP burgers last night, no wonder it was one of my fave nights this year (9 upvotes)
Girls - what makes a good boyfriend? (3 upvotes)
Classic Exeter- post Friday night abandoned bottle of prosecco  (27 upvotes)
I hate it when people encourage you to stop caring about your ex's feelings. Okay so maybe we broke up but we still went through so much, they're still special and I still care. (26 upvotes)
My life ... (34 upvotes)
Every food video: Make some stuff, add cheese, do some other stuff, add more cheese, slowly pull apart melted cheese (91 upvotes)
Fell in love with my fwb who now has a gf. Any advice to get over it? (3 upvotes)
After spending 2 and a half hours looking after my deliriously drunk girlfriend after she woke me up at 2:30, I'm henceforth naming next week 'Blowjob Week'  (36 upvotes)
S/o to my drunk housemate for walking in on me having sex last night and then not leaving. (36 upvotes)
Does anyone else really want to suck themselves off? (7 upvotes)
Watching someone masturbate turns me on more than just about anything else (13 upvotes)
I've seen the place that is late night/early morning yik yak and I don't want to go back again  (13 upvotes)
There should only be one type of people in this world: people who drinks the milk left in their cereal bowl  (13 upvotes)
EG'd so hard i broke the glass last night (33 upvotes)
My body is so warm right now. Wish I could cuddle someone.  (8 upvotes)
I feel cheated on when my famous Instagram crushes post pictures of their happy relationship. I thought we had a good thing going  (18 upvotes)
Finding a reason to break with my bae after seeing her put milk into my tea first. Oh gawd. (5 upvotes)
All I want is bass all I want is bass all I want all I want is all I want is bass bass bass (4 upvotes)
Someone come and watch South Park with me. Binge watching in order, currently halfway through season 2 (8 upvotes)
Do you think people can be 100% straight with no curiosity whatsoever?  (6 upvotes)
Which do you prefer?  (6 upvotes)
VAGINA  (13 upvotes)
PENIS (20 upvotes)
Just said thanks to a girl as she came out the toilet? Thank you for weeing  (50 upvotes)
Get get get get get low when the whistle blows (7 upvotes)
Last night a deep throated a boy's willy too hard and now I can't talk because my throat hurts so much  (45 upvotes)
Where can a guy get a haircut?? (0 upvotes)
So my girlfriend knocked on my door last night at 2:15 with a burger in her handbag, then passed out on the floor...  (44 upvotes)
I want a relationship like Stan and Wendy in south park (10 upvotes)
Looking through your friends from home snapchat stories after a Friday night and realised how many of them are such fucking pigeons  (24 upvotes)
My friend is staying over and wants to see all the sights Exeter has to offer. Where should I take her? (5 upvotes)
All i do is, uni work, eat, sleep, go out occasionally. I'm bored of it.  (36 upvotes)
absolutely fucking lost it to some of the songs dropped on top top last night (9 upvotes)
I woke up angry because last night I dreamt that someone ate the strawberries in my fridge. This is how dull my life has become now.  (33 upvotes)
Best club songs that have a serious tone? (4 upvotes)
Jailbreak people here. We are in Austria! Just jumped on a bus without a ticket. Pray for us (132 upvotes)
Dear drivers of Exeter, when I'm already halfway across the zebra crossing you're not supposed to speed up to get across it first  (99 upvotes)
After how long can you go to the doctors with a muscle injury?? Should I even go to the docs? Had it for 3-4 weeks and it's not getting better  (7 upvotes)
No we can't be that one group who don't get out of the U.K.  #jailbreak (51 upvotes)
Bleeding green all over Paris #jailbreak (118 upvotes)
Not feeling too great about having to clean up my own puke in the sink&toilet before having my morning pee. Sigh.  (7 upvotes)
Working Saturdays (74 upvotes)
14 hour coach journey here we come #jailbreak (11 upvotes)
You don't know what struggle is till you've woken up dying for a piss but unable to shake off an Eiffel Tower sized erection.  (18 upvotes)
First half banana - delicious banana goodness, second half banana - satans anus.  (10 upvotes)
Fucked it up so badly I can't even sleep  (3 upvotes)
When you're walking up to gym at 7:30 and see someone get out of a cab in last nights clothes and feeling like you're an amazing person, but realistically that will be you tomorrow morning post lemmy (56 upvotes)
When you ask for Noots but she sends you nudes, completely oblivious to your claymation penguin fetish (46 upvotes)
Hungover spooning anyone? (10 upvotes)
Think I've come to the conclusion that sleep just isn't my thing.  (1 upvotes)
Mm chocolate for breakfast? Don't mind if I do (12 upvotes)
I've gotten so bored with my life recently I don't know what to do about it. It's not like I can get a guy, I can't keep relationships and all the lads I know don't want one  (20 upvotes)
The best burrito is the blanket burrito! (38 upvotes)
Girlfriend has been asleep for 8 hours and I just can't :/ (8 upvotes)
Trying to be gangster but still polite... (295 upvotes)
Is kissing someone you really like better than kissing someone you've just met in a club? (82 upvotes)
I love you so much it hurts. I can't sleep I don't want you to go :(  (15 upvotes)
All I want is Stephen Fry to read Harry Potter to me  (66 upvotes)
When you lose at 5am chess and the punishment is a straw pedo (10 upvotes)
A meatball staying on a pizza you've dropped is just as good as keeping your life together. (10 upvotes)
Apparently clarity trumps research. Fuck.  (3 upvotes)
I love you girls! Your hair, your  gentle touch, the way you look, your smile, your sigh OMG I love women!!!!!!  (41 upvotes)
Sex and death will probably be near-identical events for me: I'm still waiting for both and they'll probably only happen once.  (55 upvotes)
Seeing people kiss in unit 1 makes me feel jealous - why can't I kiss a girl like that, I would make such a good boyfriend *sigh* (7 upvotes)
Just spotted some Exeter jailbreakers at gatwick. Good effort!  (85 upvotes)
I wish I could have some peace in my life; horrible memories of trauma keep coming back and I really want to give my heart to a girl. It's getting better but it still hurts like hell.  (4 upvotes)
Starting October 13 youll need to be on the latest version to post or reply to a Yak. Keep up with your Herd and update now! (10000 upvotes)
